OADP-5953-Added a module for nodeAgent pod (#92695)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-pod-crash-set-resource-request-restic.adoc

You can use the `configuration.restic.podConfig.resourceAllocations` specification field to set specific resource requests for a `Restic` pod.

[NOTE]
====

> With {oadp-short} 1.5.0, the `configuration.restic.podConfig.resourceAllocations` specification field is removed from Data Protection Application (DPA). Use a `nodeAgent` pod instead of the `Restic` pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With {oadp-short} 1.5.0, the `configuration.restic.podConfig.resourceAllocations` specification field is removed from the `DataProtectionApplication` (DPA) custom resource. Use the `nodeAgent` section with the `uploaderType` field set to `Kopia` instead of  `Restic` .
```

Reviewer: I would suggest to make this a snippet and reuse in the other module.
